
Proof of Humanity Registry Policy
The “Proof of Humanity” curated registry of humans is a system combining social verification
with video submission to create a Sybil-proof list of humans.
A common problem on the internet and in the crypto-ecosystem is the fact that users can
generally create multiple accounts using different pseudonyms or addresses to receive rewards
multiple times, bias votes, write multiple fake reviews, etc. This issue can be solved through the
use of a Sybil-resistant identity system such as “Proof of Humanity”.
This policy serves one main purpose:
Ensuring each entry in this registry represents a unique, living, existing human being.
Acceptance Criteria
The criteria to be met for a submission to be accepted in this registry are the following:
● The submitter must not be already registered in the curated list.
○ For example, a submitter cannot register himself a second time in the list by
using another name.
● The submitter must be an existing human being.
○ For example, a submitter cannot be registered if it is a computer-generated
person or avatar as it would not enable the submitter to prove it is not already
registered in the list.
● The submitter must be alive.
○ For example, a submitter cannot be registered if he is deceased.
● The submitter must provide all the elements required for the submission.
○ For example, a submitter cannot be registered if his video submission does not
display his Ethereum address.
Elements Required for Submission
Any submitter registering to the list has to provide evidence that he is compliant with the
acceptance criteria. The required evidence is to be decided through Kleros governance and can
be updated to take into account technological evolutions and the evolution of attack vectors.
List of current required/optional elements and submission rules
1. Submitter Name - Required
The submitter is composed of:
a. Name under which the submitter is known (any UTF8 characters) - Required
b. First Name (basic latin) - Optional
c. Last Name (basic latin) - Optional
- Field a. information: The submitter can choose any name he is usually
referred by. This can be an official name (Federico Ast), a use name
(Satoshi Nakamoto), a religious/monarch name (Benedict XVI), a name
with the original non-latin characters (小明), a name with anglicised
characters (Xiao Ming), a name with an initialized middle name (George
P. Burdell), a stage name (Bob Dylan), a political name (Nicolas Sarkozy).
- Fields b. and c. may be void if the submitter does not have it. Note that
middle names are not required.
- Fields b. and c. using characters other than basic latin must be
transcribed to basic latin.
2. Front-facing Submitter Picture - Required
- The picture must include the face of the submitter facing the camera and the
facial features must be visible.
- The picture must be in color and not contain any artificial modification to the facial
features.
- The picture must be under 3MB and have a minimum resolution of 256px by
256px.
- The picture must be in the right orientation for the face to be recognized. Image
rotation is not allowed.
- Face should not be covered under large piercings or masks hindering the
visibility of facial features.
- Neutral, soft and natural make-up without colored lipstick, eyeliner or
eyeshadows are acceptable. Any make-up product or item that significantly alters
or modifies facial features is not allowed.
